CS398: Meeting Minutes
*****************************************************************************

Date: 12/JAN/2022
Team: 108

Present: Brian, Parth
Absent: (Only two members at the time)

Agenda: Deciding Target Group, Who to interview

Notes: We might want our target group to be old people

Decisions: 

Todo: Needs to find a new teammate

*****************************************************************************

Date: 14/JAN/2022
Team: 108

Present: Brian, Parth, Sam, Ross
Absent: 

Agenda: Deciding Target Group, Who to interview

Notes: We came up with interesting features to implement, like having tags, text-to-speech, code integration (for pseudo code, possibly for actual codes), editing system similar to git where we can have multiple versions of notes. A special template for UML diagram. 

Decisions: We decided our target group to be CS students (STEM Fields)

Todo: We will have more ideas next Monday and discuss it. 

*****************************************************************************

Date: 17/JAN/2022
Team: 108

Present: Brian, Parth, Sam, Ross
Absent: 

Agenda: 

Assigning Sam for Introduction
Assigning Ross for Project Plan
Assigning Brian for Requirements
Assigning Parth for Architecutre & Design

Notes: We discussed what should be on our project, and start working on it. We also decided to work on the design analysis demo and polish it this wednesday.

Decisions: We decided to include all the feauters that we discussed in last meeting for now.

Todo: Work on slides for design demo next friday

*****************************************************************************

Date: 19/JAN/2022
Team: 108

Present: Brian, Parth, Sam, Ross
Absent: 
Agenda: 

We decided our architecture to be monolithic
We will rehearse the design analysis demo

Notes: We reassigned what parts of the project to cover in the demo.

Sam : Introduction, Text-to-speech
Ross: Plan, tags
Brian: Git integration, UML diagram
Parth: Architecture, Code integration
Design (TBD)

Decisions: 
Todo: 

*****************************************************************************

Date: 21/JAN/2022
Team: 108

Present: Brian, Parth, Sam, Ross
Absent: 
Agenda: 

We revised the design analysis slide

Notes: 

Decisions: We will do a mock presentation next monday

Todo: 

*****************************************************************************

Date: 24/JAN/2022
Team: 108

Present: Brian, Parth, Sam, Ross
Absent: 
Agenda: 

We rehearsed design review.

Notes: 

Polish the slides

Parth will do sketch.
Sam will do Target Users

We will say "next slide" to indicate to move on to the next slide

Decisions: 

Todo: 

*****************************************************************************

Date: 26/JAN/2022
Team: 108

Present: Brian, Parth, Sam, Ross
Absent: 
Agenda: 

We rehearsed design review.

Notes: 

Parth will do sketch.
Brian might be able to provide the mock up (Not certain because of his flight on 27th of January)

Decisions: 

We decided that design patterns that will be used will be abstract factory and decorator desgin patterns.

Todo: 

*****************************************************************************

Date: 31/JAN/2022
Team: 108

Present: Brian, Parth, Sam, Ross
Absent: 
Agenda: Sprint Goal Setup, UI Design, Find libraries.

Notes: 
Sprint0 Goal : 
    UI Design (javaFX) -- complete
    Libraries 
    Sprint 1 Planning
Sprint1 Goal :
    Basic Requiremntts
    Tags (kotline standard library)
Sprint2 Goal :
    Text-to-Speech (Google Cloud Speech)
    UML Diagram (by insert/import images)
Sprint3 Goal :
    Code Integration (by insert/import images)
    Git Integration (git)
Decisions: 
Todo: 

*****************************************************************************

Date: 2/FEB/2022
Team 108:

Present: Brian, Parth, Sam, Ross
Absent:
Agenda: Determining Libraries for key features
Notes:
Descision: Each teammember will find a library for each of the key features
Todo:
Brian should have a startUp Template

*****************************************************************************

Date: 4/FEB/2022
Team: 108

Present: Brian, Parth, Sam, Ross
Absent: 
Agenda: Determining Libraries for key features

Notes: 
    Speech to Text Libraries/APIs: 
        - http://tyl.st/projects/voce/
        - https://cloud.google.com/speech-to-text/docs/quickstart-client-libraries
        - https://myandroid.site/kotlin-speech-to-text-example-step-by-step-example/
        - https://developer.android.com/reference/android/speech/RecognizerIntent
    
    Markdown Libraries:
        - https://developer.android.com/reference/android/speech/RecognizerIntent

    Fonts:
        - https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/awt/Font.html

    Code Highlighting:
        - http://hilite.me/

Decisions: 
Todo: Set up Kotlin Environment for each developer

*****************************************************************************

Date: 7/FEB/2022
Team: 108

Present: Brian, Parth, Sam, Ross
Absent: 
Agenda: 
Notes: 
    A Suggestion to switch from MVC to MVVM
Decisions: 
Todo: 
